I really want to thank you for giving me the chance to
share some of my knowledge and experience with you.
It's exciting to me that committed people like you are throwing
themselves into newer and better ways of solving problems.
The world needs people like you,
because the world's problems are only getting more and more complicated,
and those problems need creative and long lasting solutions.
It's my hope that the ideas that I've shared
here will help you to implement the right amount of
automation that helps build confidence and frees up
developers to deliver value to the market with ever-increasing speed.
I've got every confidence that what you've learned
here so far will help you get to the next level.